README.md, before:

# React Lazy Retry

A way to retry with your lazy-loaded React components.

## Purpose

React.lazy is great, but out-of-the-box if it fails, that's it. This library allows for you to provide users with a way to manually retry to load the lazy-loaded route without requiring them to do a page refresh.

## Implementation Guide

##### 1. Installation

- Yarn:

  `yarn add react-lazy-retry`

- NPM:

  `npm install react-lazy-retry --save`

##### 2. Use

```javascript
import React from 'react';

// Import the component
import RetryableLazy from 'react-lazy-retry';

// Create a component to show while loading (optional)
const LoaderComponent = () => <>Loading...</>;

// Create a component to show when there is an error (optional)
const ErrorRetryComponent = ({ retry }) => (
	<button type="button" onClick={retry}>
		Retry
	</button>
);

// Wrap your async component and provide loading and error components
const MyAsyncComponent = RetryableLazy(() =>
	import('./path/to/component/to/wrap')
);

// Use the component in your application
const App = ({ shouldShowAsyncComponent }) => {
	return (
		<div>
			<h1>My App</h1>
			{shouldShowAsyncComponent && <MyAsyncComponent />}
		</div>
	);
};
```

## Creator

[Curtis](https://curtisrodgers.com/)

Commit message:

Wrote documentation for API of reactlazyretry component

README.md, after:

# React Lazy Retry

A way to retry with your lazy-loaded React components.

## Purpose

React.lazy is great, but out-of-the-box if it fails, that's it. This library allows for you to provide users with a way to manually retry to load the lazy-loaded route without requiring them to do a page refresh.

## Implementation Guide

##### 1. Installation

- Yarn:

  `yarn add react-lazy-retry`

- NPM:

  `npm install react-lazy-retry --save`

##### 2. Use

```javascript
import React from 'react';

// Import the component
import RetryableLazy from 'react-lazy-retry';

// Create a component to show while loading (optional)
const LoaderComponent = () => <>Loading...</>;

// Create a component to show when there is an error (optional)
const ErrorRetryComponent = ({ retry }) => (
	<button type="button" onClick={retry}>
		Retry
	</button>
);

// Wrap your async component and provide loading and error components
const MyAsyncComponent = RetryableLazy(() =>
	import('./path/to/component/to/wrap')
);

// Use the component in your application
const App = ({ shouldShowAsyncComponent }) => {
	return (
		<div>
			<h1>My App</h1>
			{shouldShowAsyncComponent && <MyAsyncComponent />}
		</div>
	);
};
```

## API

| Argument Number | Type              | Default                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| :-------------- | :---------------- | :--------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1               | `Promise`         | None                                     | This is a promise for the lazy-loaded component. Typically done using `import`.                                                                                                                      |
| 2               | `React Component` | `<>Loading...</>`                        | This will be shown while the promise for the lazy-loaded component is waiting to resolve. Optional.                                                                                                  |
| 3               | `React Component` | `<button onClick={retry}>Retry</button>` | This is the UI that will be shown to the user if the request for the lazy-loaded component fails. A `retry` function is passed as props, which if called will request the component again. Optional. |

## Creator

[Curtis](https://curtisrodgers.com/)
